Improve GCP buckets documentation (#215)
CartoDB/carto-selfhosted-helm: customizations/README.md

2. Configure the required [CORS settings](#requirements).

3. Add the following lines to your `customizations.yaml` and replace the `<values>` with your own settings:

    ```yaml
    appConfigValues:
      storageProvider: "gcp"
      importBucket: <import_bucket_name>
      workspaceImportsBucket: <client_bucket_name>
      workspaceImportsPublic: <false|true>
      workspaceThumbnailsBucket: <thumbnails_bucket_name>
      workspaceThumbnailsPublic: <false|true>
      googleCloudStorageProjectId: <gcp_project_id>
    ```

> 4. Select a Service Account to use. You can use a [custom Service account for all things](#custom-service-account),  the Service account provided by Carto in your package or create a dedicated Service account only for this buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select a **Service Account** that will be used by the application to interact with the buckets. There are three options:
   - using a [custom Service Account](#custom-service-account), that will be used not only for the buckets, but for the services deployed by CARTO as well.
   - using the Service Account provided by CARTO in your customer package
   - using a dedicated Service Account **only for the buckets**
```

>    > :warning: Make sure that the selected service account had  `roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator` role in the GCP project that created it. We don't recommend grating this role at project IAM level, but instead at the Service Account permissions level (IAM > Service Accounts > `your_service_account` > Permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Grant the selected Service Account with the role `roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator` in the GCP project where it was created.
      > :warning: We don't recommend grating this role at project IAM level, but instead at the Service Account permissions level (IAM > Service Accounts > `your_service_account` > Permissions).
```

I think it will be more clear if the IAM role is set in a dedicated step, rather than in a warning.

> 5. Grant the selected Service Account with the role `roles/storage.admin` to the buckets created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Grant the selected Service Account with the role `roles/storage.admin` to the buckets created.
```

> 6. Pass your GCP credentials as secrets **(if required)**. This is only required if you are going to use a Service Account different from the default one (defined in `cartoSecrets.defaultGoogleServiceAccount`) and you aren't using Workload Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Pass your GCP credentials as secrets: **This is only required if you are going to use a Service Account different from the default one** (defined in `cartoSecrets.defaultGoogleServiceAccount`) and you aren't using Workload Identity. Basically **this step applies only** if your choice was option 4.3 (using a dedicated Service Account **only for the buckets**).
```

2. Configure the required [CORS settings](#requirements).

3. Add the following lines to your `customizations.yaml` and replace the `<values>` with your own settings:

    ```yaml
    appConfigValues:
      storageProvider: "gcp"
      importBucket: <import_bucket_name>
      workspaceImportsBucket: <client_bucket_name>
      workspaceImportsPublic: <false|true>
      workspaceThumbnailsBucket: <thumbnails_bucket_name>
      workspaceThumbnailsPublic: <false|true>
      googleCloudStorageProjectId: <gcp_project_id>
    ```

4. Select a **Service Account** that will be used by the application to interact with the buckets. There are three options:
    - using a [custom Service Account](#custom-service-account), that will be used not only for the buckets, but for the services deployed by CARTO as well. If you are using Workload Identity, that's your option.
    - using a dedicated Service Account **only for the buckets**

5. Grant the selected Service Account with the role `roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator` in the GCP project where it was created.

>     > :warning: We don't recommend grating this role at project IAM level, but instead at the Service Account permissions level (IAM > Service Accounts > `your_service_account` > Permissions).

Author: ```suggestion
    > :warning: We don't recommend granting this role at project IAM level, but instead at the Service Account permissions level (IAM > Service Accounts > `your_service_account` > Permissions).
```
